### Precursor:

I thought I'd take advantage of this blog by adding this term paper which was written for the "**ECE1770: (Blockchain) Trends in Middleware Systems: Selected Topics and Concepts**" course during the Winter semester of 2024. I found the DAO technology and governance topic quite interesting, and through collaboration with 5 members in total (including myself), we conducted research to put together this enthralling and hopefully insightful paper regarding "Voting Mechanisms and their Impact on DAO Governance".

**Credits to**: Abdullah Mohamed, Abeeha Aleem, Jiale Shang, Mazen Baioumy and Sangamithra Bala Amuthan.

## Abstract

Decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs) have disrupted traditional organizational structures by facilitating transparent, efficient and inclusive governance. With millions of members and nearly $40 billion in treasury, DAOs have shifted modern democracy towards a system governed by the people [5]. The diverse voting mechanisms in DAOs are crucial for optimal decision-making and member satisfaction. This paper aims to explore how quadratic voting, liquid democracy, conviction voting, and anonymous voting impact decision-making and outcomes in DAO governance. Quadratic voting gauges preference intensity for welfare optimality, liquid democracy promotes inclusivity, conviction voting optimizes resource allocation, and anonymous voting fosters honesty. The paper then discusses challenges DAO governance faces like Sybil attacks, insincere voting and centralization. This research sheds light on the strengths and weaknesses of different voting mechanisms, offering insights for enhancing decision-making processes within DAOs.


## 1 Introduction

The modern prevalence and dissemination of blockchain technology has encouraged large amounts of innovation in the sphere of decentralized governance. In particular, the Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO) has emerged as a revolutionary concept within the realm of blockchain technology, aimed at executing governance decision-making rules and achieving optimal outcomes for all members. The DAO entity boasts the capability to manage and govern groups and organizations without centralizing leadership and defines smart contract(s) through blockchain technology with pre-defined decision-making rules. Using immutable records distributed across a range of nodes (computers), DAOs can execute and guard decisions, processes, and rules, resulting in accountability and transparency. DAOs have emerged to be widely favoured entities that allow increased transparency, autonomy, robustness and adaptability. DAOs have been heavily impactful and as of February 2023, the total treasury amount in USD that DAOs hold are $37.1B, which speaks to the sheer magnitude and utilization of DAOs today [5]. They have fostered enumerable benefits for organizations that use them including increased “token holder participation, reduced voting expenses, minimized agency costs, in addition to bypassing regular scrutiny” [15]. Thus, the technological facets and the ideological underpinning of the DAO allow it to embody an effective democratic system as well as provide an advantageous alternative to centralized mechanisms.

DAO governance has been a particularly dynamic and innovative area of exploration, as it demonstrates and executes decentralized decision-making and initiatives that effectively reshape traditional organizational structures. DAO governance is a decentralized decision-making structure that facilitates the proposal, discussion, voting, and implementation of decisions within an organization. Often referred to as the “Government by the People”, DAO governance shifts the discourse from a centralized authority making decisions to decisions made by the people themselves.

A critical part of governing a DAO is determining how it facilitates voting, and how these voting processes can enforce decisions that optimally impact its members. A DAO can employ a plethora of voting mechanisms, including but not limited to quadratic voting, conviction voting, majority voting, anonymous (private) voting and much more. This paper will examine and investigate voting mechanisms such as quadratic voting, liquid democracy, conviction voting, and anonymous (private) voting and how these mechanisms will impact the decisionmaking processes and outcomes of DAOs.


## 2 Literature Review

### 2.1 Quadratic Voting

Quadratic voting has recently emerged as an optimal method to ensure that opinions and votes of the minority aren’t oppressed in a democratic system, as well as prevent a single member from achieving autocratic authority. The decision-making processes and outcomes for quadratic voting aim at mitigating the risk for the “tyranny of the majority” and encourage fairness and representation, proving an effective voting mechanism for DAOs. A paper reviewed examining the nuances of this voting mechanism was the paper “Agent-Based Models of Quadratic Voting” [11] where the authors provide a comparative analysis between quadratic voting and traditional majority rule voting systems like (one person, one vote), focusing on how these systems affect population welfare. The paper introduces agent-based modeling to explore the impact of perceived marginal pivotality variations on the efficiency of QV and examines modified quadratic voting (mQV) scenarios where voters have a fixed number of credits for multiple referenda. The study finds that QV, even with variations in voter perception, outperforms one person, one vote (1p1v) in terms of minimizing welfare loss, suggesting QV’s efficiency when it comes to collective decision-making [11]. The research highlights the potential of QV and mQV in more accurately reflecting voter preferences and maximizing welfare, while also pointing out areas for future investigation, including the role of social and psychological factors in voting behavior [11]. The components of the paper focus on using agent-based models to analyze the outcomes of quadratic voting (QV) compared to traditional voting systems. In a QV system, voters are allocated a certain number of credits, and they can distribute these credits across different choices. The cost of each vote is quadratic, meaning the more votes you allocate to a choice, the more each of those vote’s costs in terms of credits. This mechanism aims to allow voters to express the intensity of their preferences, not just the direction. The simulations in the paper measure welfare outcomes, which is how well the collective decisions reflect the population’s true preferences and how they impact overall happiness or satisfaction. This is a critical metric to consider when examining the decisions made in a DAO. The mathematical analysis involves calculating the welfare loss in different scenarios, comparing the efficiency of QV against traditional one-person-one-vote systems under varying conditions, such as when voters have different perceptions of their pivotal role in the outcome. The key takeaway from the mathematical analysis is that QV, by allowing voters to express not just a binary choice but the strength of their preference, can lead to decisions that better reflect the collective welfare of society. This is quantified through models that simulate voting behavior and outcomes under different voting rules. Some issues to consider regarding QV is that essentially most of the voters used in the tests, were socially isolated voters, uninfluenced by any social media, social processes leading to even a small correlation between utility and perceived marginal pivotality can result in drastic changes in the outcomes of QV, so this is something to consider. Another part to focus on is that numbers of voters can also lead to different outcomes, QV usually results in decrease of welfare loss after number of voters goes beyond 1000. To fix these issues, some things need to be implemented like having voters calculate PMP from peers and polling information for QV elections, and including a model of voter turnout which can depend on both individual utility and social influence, and giving voters perceived utilities that are affected by social factors such as advertising and peer influence and which may not align with their true utilities [11].

This paper’s implications of blockchain are significant due to integration of quadratic voting (QV) within decentralized processes. In blockchain, governance and consensus mechanisms are crucial for network updates, protocol changes, and transactions. QV can offer a more democratic voting system for blockchain communities, allowing stakeholders to express their preferences rather than just binary choices. This can lead to more efficient outcomes, that also alight with the decentralization of blockchain technologies. By applying QV, blockchain projects could achieve higher levels of community satisfaction and engagements and ensure changes to the network can reflect values of participants. QV is also used in quadratic funding projects, allowing the blockchain community to vote based on the importance of project, emphasizing utility and welfare, and allowing the project with best interests to be funded, while also allocating funding even for the projects that do not get many votes. An example of this would be the Gitcoin DAO administering Gitcoin Grants using the quadratic voting mechanism, which was created to decentralize the control of Gitcoin – Gitcoin being a platform that does crowdsource funding via the quadratic funding mechanism. The models to analyze the outcomes of quadratic voting (QV) compared to traditional voting systems. In a QV system, voters are allocated a certain number of credits, and they can distribute these credits across different choices. The cost of each vote is quadratic, meaning the more votes you allocate to a choice, the more each of those vote’s costs in terms of credits. This mechanism aims to allow voters to express the intensity of their preferences, not just the direction. The simulations in the paper measure welfare outcomes, which is how well the collective decisions reflect the population’s true preferences and how they impact overall happiness or satisfaction. This is a critical metric to consider when examining the decisions made in a DAO. The mathematical analysis involves calculating the welfare loss in different scenarios, comparing the efficiency of QV against traditional one-person-one-vote systems under varying conditions, such as when voters have different perceptions of their pivotal role in the outcome. The key takeaway from the mathematical analysis is that QV, by allowing voters to express not just a binary choice but the strength of their preference, can lead to decisions that better reflect the collective welfare of society. This is quantified through models that simulate voting behavior and outcomes under different voting rules. Some issues to consider regarding QV is that essentially most of the voters used in the tests, were socially isolated voters, uninfluenced by any social media, social processes leading to even a small correlation between utility and perceived marginal pivotality can result in drastic changes in the outcomes of QV, so this is something to consider. Another part to focus on is that numbers of voters can also lead to different outcomes, QV usually results in decrease of welfare loss after number of voters goes beyond 1000. To fix these issues, some things need to be implemented like having voters calculate PMP from peers and polling information for QV elections, and including a model of voter turnout which can depend on both individual utility and social influence, and giving voters perceived utilities that are affected by social factors such as advertising and peer influence and which may not align with their true utilities [11]. This paper’s implications of blockchain are significant due to integration of quadratic voting (QV) within decentralized processes. In blockchain, governance and consensus mechanisms are crucial for network updates, protocol changes, and transactions. QV can offer a more democratic voting system for blockchain communities, allowing stakeholders to express their preferences rather than just binary choices. This can lead to more efficient outcomes, that also alight with the decentralization of blockchain technologies. By applying QV, blockchain projects could achieve higher levels of community satisfaction and engagements and ensure changes to the network can reflect values of participants. QV is also used in quadratic funding projects, allowing the blockchain community to vote based on the importance of project, emphasizing utility and welfare, and allowing the project with best interests to be funded, while also allocating funding even for the projects that do not get many votes. An example of this would be the Gitcoin DAO administering Gitcoin Grants using the quadratic voting mechanism, which was created to decentralize the control of Gitcoin – Gitcoin being a platform that does crowdsource funding via the quadratic funding mechanism. The advantages of Gitcoin Grants have been numerous, including exacting a permissionless, transparent, secure, and efficient system. All in all, quadratic voting allows voting members to measure the degree to which they express a preference for a particular rule in a DAO and thus ensure decisions being made have optimal welfare outcomes.


### 2.2 Liquid Democracy

Another paper reviewed is “Liquid Democracy in DPoS Blockchains,” [13] this paper provides a concrete exploration of liquid democracy in DPoS blockchain systems, particularly within EOS and Steem, and unveils a mechanism that could reshape democratic governance in decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs). This innovative approach offers a dual pathway for electoral participation: direct voting or the delegation of voting power to representatives.

This flexibility aims to mitigate common issues like low voter turnout by creating a more engaged and representative governance model. Liquid democracy has interrelated constructs: delegation operations, chains, and networks. Each construct plays a pivotal role in explaining the mechanism’s functionality and impact. Delegation operations form the bedrock, detailing the transactional dynamics between delegators and delegates. These operations evolve into delegation chains, which are sequences of delegated authority, reflecting the system’s complexity and the intricate relationships among participants. Delegation networks then offer a macroscopic view, encapsulating the entirety of delegation activities and their interconnections, thereby painting a comprehensive picture of the delegation landscape within DPoS platforms. The practical application of liquid democracy in EOS and Steem provides grounds for analysis. Through different examinations of delegation operations, the research describes the active engagement of various user roles—delegators, delegates, voters, and candidates in the governance process. This analysis extends into the formation and structure of delegation chains, where notable differences emerge between EOS and Steem. EOS is characterized by a vast delegation network, hosting a larger chance of high degree delegates, indicative of a broad, yet concentrated, distribution of voting power. Conversely, Steem is distinguished by its elongated and complex delegation chains, a testament to its robust social networking features that encourage personal promotion and the strategic formation of delegation alliances. The examination reveals a contradictory outcome of liquid democracy: the potential concentration of voting power among a select group of delegates, a marked departure from the dispersed authority envisioned in traditional democratic systems. This concentration, however, levels the playing field, allowing participants with lesser power to contend in elections more effectively, thereby hinting at a transformative shift in power dynamics. Despite these similarities, the distribution of voting power in Steem appears more dispersed than in EOS, suggesting a variance in the patterns of power concentration and the influence of platform-specific social attributes on governance. An essential facet of the study involves the identification and analysis of Sybil accounts within the delegation networks, shedding light on potential vulnerabilities and the integrity of the liquid democracy mechanism. This contributes to a deeper understanding of the challenges and risks associated with the implementation of liquid democracy, such as the manipulation of the voting system and the concentration of power [13]. In conclusion, liquid democracy in DPoS blockchains, as exemplified by EOS and Steem, presents a promising yet complex paradigm for enhancing participation and representation in DAO governance. The multifaceted analysis of delegation operations, chains, and networks, coupled with the identification of Sybil accounts, underscores the potential of liquid democracy to democratize decision-making processes. However, it also highlights the necessity for robust mechanisms to safeguard against power concentration and ensure the governance system’s integrity. The success and efficacy of liquid democracy in enhancing decision-making efficiency and outcomes hinge on a constellation of factors, including platform-specific social dynamics, the architecture of the delegation system, and the behaviour of its constituents.


### 2.3 Conviction Voting

Conviction Voting emerges as a novel strategy aimed at enhancing equitable outcomes in voting, specifically designed for resource allocation and budgetary decisions [3]. This method capitalizes on the aggregated preferences of the community, with time serving as a critical factor to reinforce the dedication or ”conviction” behind a voter’s choice [1]. It adopts a fluid, non-binary approach allowing participants to support multiple proposals simultaneously, with their conviction for any given proposal strengthening over time.

The concept is visually represented in a diagram illustrating how community members might distribute their preferences. According to this model, a proposal is ratified once it achieves a cumulative voting strength that crosses a certain threshold. Continuous backing of a proposal leads to a progressive increase in conviction, akin to water slowly filling a bucket. This conviction amplifies following a half-life decay curve, enhancing the preference’s impact gradually until it reaches a maximum limit. Switching support to a new proposal causes the previously accumulated conviction to decrease, as if leaking from the bucket through a small hole, illustrating the decay function’s role in reducing conviction [7]. This approach not only fosters long-term commitment and encourages sustained participation from voters [16] but also extends the voting duration beyond short-term intervals. It allows voters to express their preferences over an extended period, with the intensity of their conviction signifying a deeper commitment to the chosen proposal. Voters have the liberty to change their support, albeit at the cost of resetting their accumulated conviction. This flexibility is especially pertinent within DAOs operating on the Aragon platform, which enables the creation and management of over 1,700 DAOs controlling assets worth approximately $900 million. These DAOs benefit from a decentralized, secure blockchain environment and the ability to customize their governance through various applications [10]. Conviction Voting distinguishes itself from traditional voting systems by valuing consistent support over initial votes. This system is adept at mitigating issues like last-minute voting shifts and collusion, though it may complicate rapid response to urgent needs. It also introduces safeguards against vulnerabilities like Sybil attacks and collusion, thereby enhancing the robustness of the voting process [17] [3].


### 2.4 Anonymous Voting

Anonymous voting is yet another voting mechanism used in DAOs. The paper “Anonymous Voting in DAO” from MIT was published in 2022 by Uribe,Hernandez and Amenewolde to propose this voting mechanism. As the name suggests, anonymous voting follows the guidelines of DAO voting without the transparency which comes with decentralization. From an atomic voter’s perspective this means that the specific vote cast will not be publicly visible or tied back to the voter’s block address. This voting mechanism solves a major confidentiality concern of DAO voting [20]. If individual votes are not publicly visible, voter influence is less likely to affect them. Public insights into the votes cast by each voter create strong accountability and may interfere with fair and honest voting. In addition, voters can be influenced to vote in a certain way seeing the decisions of others, especially those with higher power or influence and follow suit compromising the integrity of each voter voting for their best interests. In a worst-case scenario, voters can be coerced or threatened to vote in a certain way with no other options since their results will be visible to the party/parties suppressing them. This phenomenon is known as voter intimidation (reference) and can negatively affect DAO governance since the votes cast do not honestly depictthe voter’s preference but instead reflect an external force’s preferences. Anonymous voting can be technically implemented using three different approaches. The first approach in the paper is “Proof of Status” which requires each voter to have a secondary wallet for the purpose of voting. The secondary wallet must be connected to the primary but not publicly. This method allows confidential voting but requires additional steps for each voter in terms of verification [20].This method can also be difficult and expensive to implement. In addition, this approach only allows one vote per wallet which may go against the requirements of the DAO and affect voting outcomes [20]. The second anonymous voting approach is “vote hiding through cryptography” [20]. As the name suggests, this approach utilizes homomorphic encryption and a smart contract which computes all the votes and verifies voters and publishes only the final results of thevote [20]. Although this approach allows more robust voting than the first, it still uses a smart contract which could be decrypted exposing the votes of each voter. The third approach to implement anonymous voting as proposed by the paper is “improvement on vote hiding through secret sharing” which improves on the two previous approaches mentioned [20]. Improvement on vote hiding through secret sharing is just an advancement on approach two where there are two smart contracts used. As a result, the encryption key is not a single key but two parts which can be distributed in the DAO preventing a single user from decrypting and exposing each voter’s cast votes [20]. These three methods allow anonymous voting to take place for DAOs and can best suit different DAO needs for implementation and security measures. The specific method selected can affect the decision-making efficiency of the DAO due to the differences in implementation, voting time, and result calculations. Proof of status is difficult to initially implement since each individual must set up and verify the secondary wallet but is quick for voting time and result calculations allow quick decisions and votes to take place once the approach is in place. Vote hiding through cryptography has a more straightforward implementation since the smart contract must be created by a minimum of one member, but the results take a longer time to be computed which may make it unsuitable if a quick vote must take place. In addition, this approach requires one trusted member with the encryption key to not affect the integrity of the vote. The efficiency of the third approach, an improvement on vote hiding through secret sharing is also similar however there is a need for two or more members to hold the encryption key and prevent any collaboration which may affect the DAO voting outcome. Anonymous voting can affect DAO governance in terms of efficiency in generalsince it can make the voting more honest. Anonymous voting removes the traceback between votes and voters allowing voters to express their opinions. This can be seen as the same in federal elections [20] which take place to electcountry leaders, each voter’s identification is verified prior to voting to confirm eligibility to vote however no one is able to check the vote ballot of a specific candidate which allows for an honest outcome. Expanding this to blockchain DAOs, the use of anonymous voting would affect the outcomes of voting since it removes accountability from a voter. This method allows for fairness and honesty and would promote better governance within the DAO.

## 3 Open Questions and discussion

### 3.1 Sybil attack
The first open question for this study is how different voting mechanisms can overcome the threat of Sybil attacks. One threat to the decision-making process in DAOs is Sybil attacks. Sybil Attacks occur when one entity creates many fake identities known as Sybils to gain disproportionately large influence over the outcome of a vote. This is significant since the outcome of a vote should be preserved and protected from malicious parties with ill intentions to sustain DAO governance. A one-token-one-vote system is particularly vulnerable to Sybil attacks because an attacker can distribute their tokens across multiple identities, making it appear as if there is broader support for their choice than the actual statistics based on the voter demographic. In the context of quadratic voting, an attacker could also spread their tokens to avoid quadratic cost of additional votes [6]. The solution in place currently is proof of unique identity, this solution can be essential to mitigate the impact of Sybil attacks, though it could be challenging to balance with privacy and decentralization principles. A potential solution is to use Soulbound token as voting token, like WorldCoin [21] where the unique WorldID is bound with one’s biometric information [9]. 
Another potential approach is to lock the tokens for a certain period as a requirement to participate in voting. With this approach, the opportunity cost associated with locking tokens would discourage token dispersion across multiple identities. An existing example of this is Lido DAO which is characterized by liquid stakin [14]. 

On the other hand, projects like Governor-C [4] develop Sybil-resistant algorithm, incorporating randomness into the quadratic voting process to counteract Sybil attacks, making it unprofitable for attackers to exploit by splitting their voting power.

Although there are many strategies, the challenges posed by Sybil attacks to the fairness and representativeness of DAO voting have never been eliminated and it would be interesting to delve deeper into how the different voting mechanisms can mitigate the risks of Sybil attacks. Further research would be to understand strategies and governance structures for a DAO to protect the integrity of decision-making processes.


### 3.2 Rational Choice and Insincere voting

The second open question for further research is how do DAO governance strategies and voting mechanisms perform in real life conditions compared to optimal conditions described in theory? Expanding on this question, how would researchers be able to evaluate the difference between real and optimal environments? This question is significant because although there are previous studies proving the superiority of different voting mechanisms, their theoretical proofs are often based on the ideal assumption that voters are rational and honest. For example, in the theoretical proof of the robust optimality of quadratic voting, voters are assumed to weigh the marginal cost of an additional vote against the perceived chance to influence the election [12]. However, in practical, evidence shows that people vote despite costs in the context of large elections even when the influence of the vote is minimal [8]. There are also voters not casting their votes based on their genuine preferences, but instead, voting in a way that is strategic or influenced by external factors, such as personal gain or conflicts of interest [2]. Evaluating DAO governance strategies and voting mechanisms against the backdrop of ideal conditions highlights a crucial gap in real-world applicability. The core challenge lies in the discrepancy between theoretical efficiency and actual outcomes in diverse, unpredictable environments. This issue’s importance is underscored by the potential to significantly enhance decision-making effectiveness and inclusivity within DAOs and governance outcomes. Addressing it could lead to more resilient, democratic, and adaptive governance models. While complete solutions remain elusive, emerging projects are exploring adaptive voting mechanisms, stakeholder-driven adjustments, and Sybil-resistant protocols as partial remedies, aiming to bridge the gap between theory and practice. 

### 3.3 Centralization

The third open discussion question is how to mitigate the effects of centralization with the use of different voting mechanisms? The significance of this question can be analyzed with the following metrics, a Case study on Compound reveals a high concentration of voting power with 10 voters holding 57.86% of the voting power. On average, only 3.25 voters were needed for the proposals to reach quorum and pass in Compound, and only 2.84 voters were needed to reach 50% of the total votes [18]. There is also evidence in place that dominant voter coalitions emerge in DAO, as observed in MakerDAO [19]. These voter coalitions in which voters cast their votes as a group are a signal of governance centralization. This behavior can compromise the security and structure of the governance protocol since majority of the power is granted to a small minority of voters. This means the results of such a vote would be represent the opinions of a small majority instead of being truly democratic result. The On-chain voting mechanism can also be unfairly expensive for small token holders due to the transaction fee, this could discourage voting participation and can affect how voters, proposers, and other stakeholders interact with these protocols [18]. The current solution in place to avoid centralization is a one-member-one-vote voting mechanism which allows one vote to each member regardless of holding however the simplicity of this method sometimes does not agree with the governance structure of DAOs. 

## 4 Conclusion

In conclusion, different voting mechanisms affect decision-making efficiency and outcomes in DAO governance in several dimensions. Quadratic voting affects decision-making efficiency by using the intensity of the voter preference and attempts to achieve welfare optimality. Conviction voting was discussed as a novel method for fair resource allocation voting and it accomplishes this by tracking community preferences over time. Conviction voting values consistent support and fosters long-term commitment, while mitigating issues such as last-minute shifts and collusion – which serves incredible value to the deficiencies of decentralized mechanisms. Anonymous voting as a mechanism in DAOs addresses issues that revolve around transparency and voter influence. Primarily, anonymous voting can enhance honesty and fairness within DAO governance, allowing voters to express opinions without repercussions. A similitude was drawn to federal elections where voters’ identities were verified but their specific ballots would remain private, contributing to an honest outcome. Furthermore, a discussion took place regarding three open-ended questions which meandered over challenges faced by DAOs and common pitfalls for voting mechanisms. The first question examined methods to counter Sybil attacks in DAOs, discussing vulnerabilities of one-token-one-vote systems and proposes solutions such as unique identity, token locking, and algorithms like Governor-C. Resisting against this type of attack would ensure fairness and representativeness in DAO governance. The second question posed was to examine how DAO governance strategies and voting mechanisms perform in real-world conditions as compared to ideal theoretical scenarios. And the last question posed was to explore methods to mitigate the effects of centralization using different voting mechanisms in DAOs, which often result in high concentration of voting power among a few members. All in all, each voting mechanism seemed to pertain to its own strengths rather than a singular voting mechanism standing out. Quadratic voting seems to stand out in situations where diverse preferences exist among participants. This contrasts with liquid democracy which is well suited for situations where participants want to delegate voting power to trusted individuals, which implies a participant demographic that varies highly in expertise. Situations where conviction voting stands out would be where participants seem to have a preference that changes over time, and thus DAOs can prioritize initiatives based on the support each one receives. And anonymous voting is crucial where participants need to vote without concerns about retaliation or external manipulation. The future of voting mechanisms in DAOs would likely involve succinctly answering and solving the setbacks laid out in the three open questions within the discussion and research methods to enhance the efficiency, transparency, fairness, adaptability, security and more of governance processes. 

## References

1. Axelsen, H., Jensen, J.R., Ross, O.: When is a dao decentralized? arXiv preprint
arXiv:2304.08160 (2023)
2. Brams, S.J.: Mathematics and democracy: Designing better voting and fair-division
procedures. Mathematical and Computer Modelling 48(9), 1666–1670 (2008)
3. CALCAGNO, R., CAMPISI, F.: The impact of decentralized autonomous organizations
on corporate governance (2022)
4. D3LAB: Governor c: Sybil-resistant quadratic voting system, accessed: 2024-02-14
5. Dao, D.: Organisations, https://deepdao.io/organizations
6. Dimitri, N.: Quadratic voting in blockchain governance. Information 13(6) (2022)
7. Emmett, J.: Conviction Voting: A Novel Continuous Decision Making Alternative
to Governance — blog.giveth.io, [Accessed 16-02-2024]
8. Feddersen, T.J.: Rational choice theory and the paradox of not voting. The Journal
of Economic Perspectives 18(1), 99–112 (2004)
9. George, A.S., George, A., Baskar, D.: Worldcoin: A decentralized currency for a
unified global economy 02, 136–155 (06 2023)
10. Hellstr¨om, E.: Fair voting system for permissionless decentralized autonomous organizations
(2022)
11. Kelter, J., Bugler, A., Wilensky, U.: Agent-based models of quadratic voting. In:
Proceedings of the 2020 Conference of The Computational Social Science Society
of the Americas. pp. 131–142. Springer (2021)
12. Lalley, S.P., Weyl, E.G.: Quadratic voting: How mechanism design can radicalize
democracy. AEA Papers and Proceedings 108, 33–37 (May 2018)
13. Li, C., Xu, R., Duan, L.: Liquid democracy in dpos blockchains. In: Proceedings
of the 5th ACM International Symposium on Blockchain and Secure Critical Infrastructure.
pp. 25–33 (2023)
14. Lido: Lido docs. https://docs.lido.fi/, accessed: 2024-02-14
15. Liu, X.: The illusion of democracy? an empirical study of dao governance and
voting behavior. An Empirical Study of DAO Governance and Voting Behavior
(May 8, 2023) (2023)
16. Liu, X.: The illusion of democracy? an empirical study of dao governance and
voting behavior. An Empirical Study of DAO Governance and Voting Behavior
(May 8, 2023) (2023)
17. Mahmoud, A.I.A.: Exploring the potential of daos: a comprehensive study of decentralized
autonomous organizations (2022)
18. Messias, J., Pahari, V., Chandrasekaran, B., Gummadi, K.P., Loiseau, P.: Understanding
blockchain governance: Analyzing decentralized voting to amend defi
smart contracts (2024)
19. Sun, X., Chen, X., Stasinakis, C., Sermpinis, G.: Voter coalitions and democracy
in decentralized finance: Evidence from makerdao (2023)
20. Uribe, F., Hernandez, I., Jung, L., Amenewolde, P.: Anonymous voting in dao’s.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology pp. 1–14 (2022)
21. Worldcoin: Worldcoin whitepaper. https://whitepaper.worldcoin.org/, accessed:
2024-02-14
